Add docs and samples about bundling for browsers (#5953)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/storage/storage-blob/README.md

const AzureStorageBlob = require("@azure/storage-blob");
```

### JavaScript Bundle

> To use the client libraries in browsers, you will need to configure a bundler. For details on how to do this, please refer to our [bundling documentation](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/master/documentation/Bundling.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use this client library in the browser, you will need to configure a bundler. For details on how to do this, please refer to our [bundling documentation](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/master/documentation/Bundling.md).
```

Reviewer: Same for others

> To use this client library in the browser, you will need to configure a bundler. For details on how to do this, please refer to our [bundling documentation](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/master/documentation/Bundling.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To use this client library in the browser, you need to use a bundler. For details on how to do this, please refer to our [bundling documentation](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/master/documentation/Bundling.md).
```
